docs(api): update cli commands (#4360)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.md

webpack-cli offers a variety of commands to make working with webpack easy. By default webpack ships with

| Command   | Alias | Description                                                                                 |
| --------- | ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `init`    | c     | Initialize a new webpack configuration                                                      |
| `migrate` | m     | Migrate a configuration to a new version                                                    |
| `loader`  | l     | Scaffold a loader repository                                                                |
| `plugin`  | p     | Scaffold a plugin repository                                                                |

> | `info`    | i     | Outputs information about your system and dependencies                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `info`    | i     | Output information about your system and dependencies                                      |
```

| `serve`   | s     | Run the webpack Dev Server                                                                  |
| `bundle`  | b     | Run webpack (default command, can be omitted)                                               |
| `help`    | h     | Display help for commands and options                                                       |

> | `version` | v     | Output the version number of 'webpack', 'webpack-cli' and 'webpack-dev-server' and commands |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `version` | v     | Output the version of `webpack`, `webpack-cli` and `webpack-dev-server` |
```
Just missed this one in the last review.
